Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: So I've started recording just to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P25: Yes.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners, and we'll remove any identifiable information.
Moderator: Okay, got through that intro.
Moderator: So before we start and look at the caregiver program online form, I have a few warm-up questions.
Moderator: Can you confirm that you? Are you enrolled? Or have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers in the past?
P25: I have, I have not.
Moderator: Okay. Have you ever heard of that program before.
P25: I have.
Moderator: Yeah, can you just kind of tell me what it is in your own words?
P25: It's where a veteran who is at a point in his life that he needs assistance with his daily needs.
P25: and they differ.
P25: depending on the veteran you have sighted veterans versus blinded veterans. The need is totally different, and the question should be totally different. For a blind veteran versus a sighted veteran.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for explaining that.
Moderator: Have you ever interacted with the Va. For other family benefits before.
P25: I have.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Can you explain to me in your own words a little bit more what it means to be a caregiver.
P25: Someone that looks out for the needs of a veteran on a daily basis, things that he himself, he or she himself cannot do. Physically.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And how would you like to learn more about caregiver programs and benefits? Your family members may qualify for.
P25: I would, and I would. I would hope the program has expanded to include the blind veterans that I've been talking about.
Moderator: Is there a certain way you would like to be informed about
Moderator: kind of what's available? Or if anything changes.
P25: by email, because most of the correspondence coming to Va. Still not living up to what should be doing for a visual impaired veterans. It's not sending it to us in alternative format. So email will probably be the best way.
Moderator: Got it. Yeah, thank you for explaining that.
Moderator: Okay. So now we're going to shift gears a bit. And I'm going to share the testing site with you.
Moderator: I'll put it in zoom chat, I think, Pergian said. They also may have just sent you an email a few minutes ago with it so, whatever way is easiest for you.
P25: I would have to leave. Yeah, go if you could. Just bring it up, probably easier.
P25: If not, then I'll go try to find an email.
Moderator: I put it in chat if you can get to it, because we really like to see you use it on your device with your technology. So we can see how that works.
P25: Okay, well, hold on. Let me go find the email.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: Now take your time.
P25: Have a reminder.
Moderator: Yeah, it would have been pretty recent.
Moderator: they said. They just sent it in the last 15 min.
P25: It's the most recent one.
P25: Instead, she sent an email today.
Moderator: Yeah, it was just within like 15 min ago, and I am checking again, too.
P25: Here we go!
P25: Let's see if that's it.
Moderator: Did you find it?
P25: Alright! I think I have it here.
P25: I do have it here.
Moderator: Awesome. Great.
Moderator: Okay. And now, if you could just share your screen
Moderator: with us and just bring up that
Moderator: one link we just shared.
P25: Okay. Now, this is where we're gonna have an issue. How do I get to share my screen?
Moderator: Okay. You are on it. Says you are on an ipad.
P25: Mona.
Moderator: Row.
P25: Crew.
Moderator: Let's see, there is a video preview page.
Moderator: Okay? So under iphone settings.
Moderator: there's like.
Moderator: Can you go to the control center.
P25: Under settings.
P25: stand by.
Moderator: Because you said you haven't shared your screen in zoom before.
P25: I've done, zoom, but I've never had to share.
Moderator: Okay.
P25: Alright settings.
Moderator: Okay? And then my instructions say you should go to the control center and then you'll find an insert screen recording, and if you double tap that
Moderator: it should activate it.
P25: Goal center.
P25: All right. I'm supposed to go to where in here.
Moderator: Under the control center, insert screen recording
Moderator: and then double. Tap that button.
Moderator: And then after that.
Moderator: But
Moderator: did you find that button? Or is that giving you trouble.
P25: Which button.
Moderator: The insert screen recording.
P25: I hear, insert alarm.
P25: inset accessibility, shortcut.
P25: more controls.
P25: We are a stage manager.
P25: Remove state.
P25: We order tech ties.
P25: reorder silent moon.
P25: Remove.
P25: include a control.
P25: Okay, I don't see anything that says or hear anything, says Record.
Moderator: If that settings already turned on. If you could get back to zoom.
P25: Stand by.
Moderator: And then there should be a share. Content button to double tap. Maybe it is already on.
P25: Okay, we're in zoom.
Moderator: Okay, and there should be a share content button. And if you could double, tap that.
P25: Oh, share, content.
Moderator: It did was on okay.
Moderator: and then a menu should appear, and there should be a 1st option called screen. If you could double tap that.
P25: Sorry Screens.
Moderator: Okay, and then swipe to the start broadcast. Button and double. Tap that one, and you'll kind of hear a counter countdown start.
P25: Okay, it says, I'm sharing screen.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Wonder if you go to?
Moderator: I see a zoom thing.
Moderator: Can you kind of arrow up and then click that.
Moderator: see if that's sharing
Moderator: your screen or zoom.
Moderator: If you double, click it does it do anything.
P25: Hmm.
P25: alright, yeah. You want to.
Moderator: That one. Yeah.
P25: I clicked on zoom.
Moderator: Yeah, that's worth.
P25: Cast.
Moderator: Now you should be able to swipe to the page. Now.
P25: You know, stops is stop broadcast.
Moderator: Does it let you swipe off of that and open the screen? Or is it like.
P25: No, it stops there. It's a little
P25: boxes in there.
Moderator: Try, stop broadcast and try it again.
P25: Start, forecast.
Moderator: And I'm looking through my troubleshooting directions.
P25: Hmm!
P25: And you sure it was that 1st one.
Moderator: Yeah, does it?
Moderator: You see, the you have the page open that you? We sent an email correct.
P25: No, that's not open right now. The zoom page is open.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: let's try opening that page that link in the email to where that web page is open. And then, once that's done, kind of go through that share content again, and then hopefully, it'll let you pick that to share.
P25: Matters.
P25: Come on, come out of here.
P25: Okay. It's not letting me out of here to get to that.
Moderator: Out of sh
Moderator: the broadcast because it stopped on our end. It might be frozen on yours. Then.
Moderator: Excuse me.
P25: Right.
P25: Let me try hitting that power button one time. Come back.
P25: Okay.
P25: okay. I'm I'm on a safari page.
P25: What I've linked.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: The page that has the title of the caregiver application.
P25: Can y'all see that.
Moderator: It stopped screen sharing. If you could try resetting that again.
P25: Okay.
P25: so that's going back into zoom
P25: one second.
P25: Okay.
P25: so it's the 1st one. You sure it's the 1st one.
Moderator: Yeah, I can't see it. Does it give you a screen
Moderator: option in that menu?
Moderator: It should be the 1st option, I think.
P25: Why does do?
Moderator: Yeah, it's sharing that same Zoom One.
P25: It's not doing. It's locked. I think you're gonna have to bring it up to me.
Moderator: We could also, if you can, you get to it, and at least go through it and kind of
Moderator: talk us through it, and maybe you can make sure you're
Moderator: We can hear your audio of your screen, reader.
Moderator: The voice over to
Moderator: Price Match.
P25: Wait a minute. Do I need to turn my speaking rate down for you?
Moderator: I can't hear the audio.
P25: Oh!
Moderator: Don't hear the screen, reader, are you using headphones?
P25: No.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: But we were able, does there? A shared device, audio.
P25: Or audio?
P25: Yeah.
Moderator: Others.
Moderator: Are you sure there's a share device? Audio, button.
P25: Inside this.
Moderator: Inside. Zoom yeah.
P25: Inside. Zoom. Okay, stand by. Let me go back to Zoom.
P25: There's a website, URL, on this.
Moderator: On the link. Yeah.
P25: Photos.
P25: that part of shares. Now
P25: I forget how I get this alright.
P25: There's nothing where I can share audio
P25: on this.
Moderator: Nowhere to share device, audio option.
P25: Let me see where active speaker.
Moderator: Might be kind of in the bottom of the
Moderator: you cut out there. I missed that. I'm sorry.
P25: No!
P25: Can y'all hear that.
P25: Can you hear that.
Moderator: I cannot.
P25: Okay, we still don't hit the audio.
P25: Let me try this another way.
P25: I'm gonna use another device
P25: where
P25: Smartenberg selective.
P25: You can at least hear what's going on.
Moderator: I faintly did hear something there. For a second.
P25: Yeah, that was a different device.
P25: Voiceover voice over on app store.
P25: Double Wednesday. Mail files, mail
P25: mail message, one of show sidebar button. Just message, one of 2 messages unread the be my eyes team, be my eyes on Hillary. Page page one of 470 outlook selected 705 Icloud, Vip. Button, ppj. 3 unread messages selected. Ppj. 3. Up messages unread. Mr. Chantelle, of Perigine technologies. Dot selected message. One of
P25: messages, Mr. Cooper Review. Today you have new updates about your home. Joseph Archive.
P25: Unread lens. Page 2 of page 3, page 4. Cat up. Reply. Joseph Leah and Donald. Page 5 of Miss. Tribal tribal pages. Page 6. Ricardo, Georgia farm, cat. L. Robertson. For page 7. Cat dropbox via user experience. Study. Page 8 of Aetnav Federal search, search field message, via user click here to sign participant consent. Va user experience. Page 8 of 3.
Moderator: Did start sharing your audio somewhere in there. So your voiceover is working on your device. And just wanna like, know, we're hearing it all.
P25: Tracy Farrow Chantelle at parraginetechnologies.com veteran user experience research, selected chantel message
P25: page 2 of 5, Eastern Link Tuesday https, Colon slash slash.
P25: Join me waiting ellipse in progress.
P25: connecting ellipse
P25: 2,024, but cancel but 2,02410.
P25: You just got another participant. Come in 2,024
P25: cancel 2,000 or more, but schedule to mute my audio, but selected, start mute, my audio.
Moderator: Is that the one you want to use.
P25: Yeah, I'm gonna use this one. So you got. But I'm gonna use this one so you can hear it.
Moderator: Okay. So we can do this with the muting and get it to work. Okay.
P25: Call in progress. Button, start on, mute my audio button, start my video, button
P25: their customers.
P25: You might get Edna.
Moderator: Yeah, we'll see if this works. The echo and the squeal was pretty loud. So.
P25: Yeah, I just let me turn my volume down. See if that works on that.
P25: Okay, that any better.
Moderator: For now, if you need to try logging out of this account, using your other one.
P25: But we're gonna have the same issue
P25: with
P25: you're trying to hear.
Moderator: Okay.
P25: Okay. Let's see.
Moderator: I know we have trouble screen sharing. So if you kind of just do your best to like, let your assistive technology speak or kind of let us know what you're doing, since we can't see.
P25: Now a question on that.
P25: I think it's.
Moderator: Stop sharing your audio with us. Again it went dark.
P25: Can you hear me?
Moderator: Yep, I can hear you now, but I can't hear your device.
P25: The
P25: the information about if veteran can the veteran represent himself when he's did that person, as caregiver have to be the one to sign that
P25: if he's still cognitively capable of signing.
Moderator: Yeah, as you're thinking, that would be the only situation.
P25: I was just wondering because it said,
P25: person doing this will be the one it will get affidavit.
P25: Okay.
Moderator: Please.
Moderator: is the screen, reader, on the other account you're using?
Moderator: Hey, P25? Can you hear me.
P25: Okay.
Moderator: Can you hear me? Okay.
P25: Yeah, I can hear you alright. I just read down the
P25: directions on the the front of the form. I guess it is.
P25: Tell them what the qualifications
P25: and where someone should do, you know if they eligible?
P25: Did you want me to enter each one of those links.
Moderator: No, you don't have to, if that's not what you would normally do. But I am curious. Would you click on each one of those. If you were doing this
Moderator: for real.
P25: Well, I qualify, so I probably wouldn't. But I cause I know I'm eligible. But I'm not just not ready to.
P25: yeah, I don't know. You call it a macho thing. I still think there's some things I could do on my own where I know I need help.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: That's totally fair, I guess. Did anything on that page stand out as being really confusing or really helpful as you went through it?
P25: Helpful. It's giving you the information that you need to verify.
P25: Whether or not you're eligible if you need help, where to go to for the help
P25: the links themselves. They're pretty much self explanatory.
P25: And the question I had about power attorneys, or whether or not the veteran
P25: was capable, signing for himself.
P25: You know that that was a question I had before, you know, dealing with that power of attorney.
Moderator: Got it.
P25: I do know a few people that cognitively they can't do it.
P25: And you know, you got to wonder the people
P25: are they doing the ones that are going to be caregivers? Are they the ones in there for the best interest.
P25: you know? Are they selecting them after the fact, or beforehand.
Moderator: Got it. It's really helpful feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: And a question on that page. You just went over on a scale of one to 5 of one being very poorly, and 5 being very well.
Moderator: How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin, and why.
P25: I would say a 4 cause nothing's always
P25: what complete. You know, when that nothing's really 100%. There's always gonna be something that you're gonna find that can be changed. But information wise.
P25: Wow!
P25: It's I guess you could call it dummy proof at the moment.
P25: Okay.
Moderator: Now I'm going to have you kind of go through the application. If you were applying. Remember, this is our testing site, so you can use whatever. I'm going to try unmuting your other account because we weren't hearing your screen, reader, last time.
P25: Okay. Well, I turned the volume down on there because of the echo.
Moderator: Yes, hoping we could still hear it with a minimal echo. But let's see if we can.
P25: Raise it up some.
Moderator: I was trying to unmute it, but it won't let me. I think you have to do it.
P25: 96, 96% battery power. The host would like you to. The host would like you to unmute. Stay, muted Button.
Moderator: Little bit of feedback, but I could hear it so.
P25: Call and prompt share, content, stop, unmute my audio audio, now unmuted.
Moderator: If it gets too bad for you, feel free to mute it or turn it down.
Pa Pa P25: But.
P25: That was too close.
Moderator: Yeah.
P25: Okay. Alright, that's fine.
Pa Pa P25: Safari give feedback veteran program, safari.
Pa Pa P25: 1, 0 0,
Pa Pa P25: 6, 8, 3.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah.
Pa Pa P25: yeah, it does.
P25: Pacajo.
P25: Just let you enjoy that time.
P25: Yes.
P25: take care.
Pa Pa P25: Address descendants of George White, dot
Pa Pa P25: mute, my audio audio now muted
Pa Pa P25: alright. Is that anything
Pa Pa P25: still doing it?
Pa Pa P25: 2 devices in the one room
Pa Pa P25: 4%, 142 bullet zoom. He lead more.
Moderator: I can hear it a little bit, but there's still feedback, so.
Pa Pa P25: If there's.
Moderator: Too much feedback. We couldn't.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Moderator: On. I just kind of wanted to try it again.
Pa Pa P25: 94%, 142.
Pa Pa P25: Start my video on mute my lobby audio. Now.
P25: From work, ladies.
Moderator: No.
Pa Pa P25: That's what you're.
Moderator: I'm muted.
Moderator: Okay, that did stop the feedback. But yeah, if you could just go through the form and just try and keep us
Moderator: informed and kind of give us
Moderator: updates. As you move along through each page we'll see if we can.
P25: Right now.
Moderator: Get that to work.
P25: Okay.
P25: let me find a form here.
P25: Okay, start the application
P25: that's
P25: required.
P25: Now, do I have to put my name, or I've used anything? John DOE, whatever.
Moderator: Yeah, it's a test site, so it won't go anywhere. And we were not actually gonna submit it when we get to the end. So, and we can't see. So feel free to use whatever you're comfortable with.
Moderator: But yeah, just kind of keep us updated of
Moderator: what's going on, and any feedback you have at each page.
P25: I'm putting
P25: alright. Can y'all see that.
Moderator: Nope, it didn't screen share unless we wanted to try that again.
Moderator: You could screen share with your secondary account. Now that you open that
Moderator: that would actually be really, really helpful.
P25: I think if you had sent it to me I it would been easier than me. Open it, because
P25: I can't get it to you
P25: cause I'm at the part where you enter the veterans. Information
P25: you wanna try to send it put it up on Zoom.
P25: and I'll do it from there.
Moderator: Yeah, I guess you want me to
Moderator: kind of share a version, and we'll kind of you can do your version.
Moderator: I'm not sure if the.
P25: If you share.
P25: put it.
Moderator: Put it in.
Moderator: I did put the link in chat. If your secondary zoom account can get to it now, because it probably wasn't there before.
P25: I have. You
P25: shows monitor.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: on the other zoom account you're logged in on.
Moderator: Not the one you're the one that's muted. Can you get to
Moderator: the chat and the link from that one and screen share off of that account.
P25: On the other device.
P25: Hope we don't get no echo.
Moderator: Yeah. Just wonder if we could share the device with the other screen and not the sound, and then we could. At least
Moderator: we won't be able to hear the screen, reader, but we could kind of see what you're doing, and
Moderator: as you talk us through it.
P25: Okay, let's see here.
P25: alright, and you sent the form you sent.
Moderator: Yep, it's in the chat again, so you should be able to
Moderator: access it with your other account and open it.
P25: t. 1 button chat
P25: https, Colon slash, slash, staging ht, picture and feature display, support, video.
P25: double tap to toggle control. Can y'all see that.
Moderator: Nope, we don't see anything.
P25: The program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Committee number one.
Moderator: Can hear it now.
P25: Okay.
Moderator: Thank you so much for struggling through us with all of this. I know it's not easy with
Moderator: zoom technology.
P25: Of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P25: Charger connected.
P25: I'm gonna turn this one off that. We.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Can you hear me? Okay, P25? Or.
Pa Pa P25: Okay. I don't know what happened there just then.
Moderator: You know, it looks like it dropped your other account. So
Moderator: yeah, the device you're on. Now, how about.
Pa Pa P25: I had it. Oh, there it is. Okay. Can you hear that?
Moderator: Can't hear that.
Moderator: Can you try screen sharing from this device
Moderator: kind of what we walked through before to just
Moderator: where is it at?
Moderator: Should have that swipe to get to.
Pa Pa P25: I just used the one that you sent in the chat
Pa Pa P25: opened up.
Pa Pa P25: I've got the application open.
Moderator: And then back in zoom you should be able to swipe and find the share content, button and double, tap it.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: share.
Moderator: Similar zoom broadcast screen.
Moderator: Does it give you the option to say, start broadcast, or share the entire screen.
Pa Pa P25: I already started. It says, start and stop.
Moderator: If you click up to zoom.
Moderator: where'd it go?
Moderator: There you are.
Pa Pa P25: All right. Do I have it?
Moderator: It's not screen sharing.
Pa Pa P25: It's not screen sharing
Pa Pa P25: perfect.
Pa Pa P25: Okay? I then hit the share.
Pa Pa P25: and it still doesn't want to screen. Share
Pa Pa P25: it says broadcast, and then freezes the frame.
Moderator: Well, we can kind of go through it then, without screen share. I just thought we'd give it a try on the new device, and just kind of keep going on to.
Pa Pa P25: Alright!
Moderator: Hopefully. We can pick up some of the audio and just kind of talk us through it as much as you can.
Pa Pa P25: All right. 1st part of it's asking veteran information.
Pa Pa P25: personal information.
Pa Pa P25: everything. Star required
Pa Pa P25: 1st name.
Pa Pa P25: middle name.
Pa Pa P25: last name
Pa Pa P25: my suffix. If I have one which I do
Pa Pa P25: date of birth.
Pa Pa P25: so they want January. Whatever is in my case would be October 1, st 1958.
Pa Pa P25: Sex listed at birth. I guess this is for anybody's transgender.
Pa Pa P25: Hold on! Go back.
Pa Pa P25: one.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: now, I didn't put any information in it, can it? Will it continue with a blank.
Moderator: You'll have to put something
Moderator: in there. It won't let you continue.
Moderator: and you can use fake information. But.
Pa Pa P25: That's good.
Pa Pa P25: Alright. Date of birth.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah. Yeah.
Pa Pa P25: Well.
Pa Pa P25: okay.
Moderator: Yeah. Can you tell me what your thoughts are? There.
Pa Pa P25: You've got a wheel
Pa Pa P25: where it has the month
Pa Pa P25: going up and down.
Pa Pa P25: Then you got another thing that pops up for data. Buck.
Moderator: Got it. What are your expectations? There.
Pa Pa P25: You know, if it stay consistent, you know, across instead of
Pa Pa P25: you know, you got something. Well, the best way to put it
Pa Pa P25: from
Pa Pa P25: top to bottom. You got the month.
Pa Pa P25: Then when I go today.
Pa Pa P25: day pops up
Pa Pa P25: is at the bottom.
Pa Pa P25: Oh, I need to put
Pa Pa P25: yeah.
Pa Pa P25: where's the thing yet
Pa Pa P25: alright. You understand what I was saying about the perfect.
Moderator: Yeah, you. You were explaining that you wanted this field to be more consistent with the picker.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah, if it if it stayed like
Pa Pa P25: a wheel. Everything
Pa Pa P25: going from north to south instead of you gotta go down. Well, maybe that's just where the ipad has.
Pa Pa P25: but you know where you could. Just
Pa Pa P25: in this case I will be swiping to find a month if all 30 days just popped up.
Pa Pa P25: and then for the year you had years all there, and they just swipe till they find the one they want.
Pa Pa P25: and then they double tap on it.
Moderator: Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you for talking through that feedback.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: step one of 5.
Pa Pa P25: It's 90
Pa Pa P25: isn't like what I put in there. Huh?
Moderator: Yeah. Are you still on that page with the name and date of birth?
Pa Pa P25: The date of birth. I just made up.
Moderator: Are you still on that same page.
Pa Pa P25: Stand by.
Pa Pa P25: You know
Pa Pa P25: that all right.
Pa Pa P25: they really want my social security number in here.
Moderator: Yeah, what are your thoughts on that? Within this application.
Pa Pa P25: It's it's fine. I mean, they should have this already. If you're a veteran.
Pa Pa P25: This is information they should have already.
Pa Pa P25: But I mean for this testing. It's not let me put a fake number in.
Moderator: I can give you one. Let's try 3, 2, 1.
Pa Pa P25: Let me get rid of this.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Moderator: 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
Pa Pa P25: 4, 5.
Moderator: 6, 7, 8, 9.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, that works.
Moderator: But your expectations was that should have been known.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah. Well, I put 123-45-6789.
Pa Pa P25: Continue
Pa Pa P25: better information, home address.
Pa Pa P25: Any changes to that will only apply to this application. Okay?
Pa Pa P25: So if he moves.
Pa Pa P25: it doesn't matter.
Moderator: Yeah. Can you explain to me your thoughts on that.
Pa Pa P25: I'm assuming. If he's got to move out of his home into his child's home.
Pa Pa P25: this wouldn't apply if he moves into a nursing home or assisted living home, would it.
Moderator: Yeah, would you expect to be able.
Moderator: like, dictate that? Notate that on the application at all?
Pa Pa P25: I would think if it's in a nursing home assisted living probably needs to be put in there, because I don't think you're gonna have a caregiver coming with you into one of them.
Pa Pa P25: especially a nursing home, because they won't take everything.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: Now, going into a family member's home is a difference. You know.
Pa Pa P25: I can understand that because you're moving in with a child, a sibling
Pa Pa P25: or parent
Pa Pa P25: alright.
Pa Pa P25: straight across.
Pa Pa P25: Oh, my.
Pa Pa P25: no!
Pa Pa P25: Come on.
Pa Pa P25: that's a lot of work.
Pa Pa P25: Oh, that might not work.
Pa Pa P25: I don't know zip code for Colorado.
Moderator: Is your you're on the facility. Searching page is your expectation to search by city or state or zip code.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, I got Georgia.
Pa Pa P25: At least I can see. I know that Port zip code.
Pa Pa P25: Skogi.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: I don't want
Pa Pa P25: what happens for
Pa Pa P25: I'm sorry.
Pa Pa P25: No, I guess it didn't go in. Okay, no. Where were I?
Pa Pa P25: Yeah.
Moderator: Can you talk me through what just happened there.
Pa Pa P25: I thought I put the the county in there.
Pa Pa P25: and
Pa Pa P25: evidently I didn't type it in.
Pa Pa P25: I I thought I put the county in there, and everything. I didn't type it in there, and so where it asked for address and everything. I just use the fictitious one in Columbus, Georgia.
Pa Pa P25: and counties disclose the counties.
Pa Pa P25: I think that was part 3.
Pa Pa P25: Primary phone number.
Pa Pa P25: What if he doesn't have?
Pa Pa P25: Well, he only has one
Pa Pa P25: primary. Okay.
Pa Pa P25: 2,
Pa Pa P25: 3, no.
Pa Pa P25: 3, 3, 1, 1.
Pa Pa P25: My phone should ring.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: how long are you in the field?
Pa Pa P25: Okay, phone number email and alternate phone number.
Moderator: Yeah. Was there something confusing
Moderator: on those questions?
Pa Pa P25: No, that's a self explanatory
Pa Pa P25: now. Alternative phone number, I guess, would be another somebody else's spouse or person caregiver. The number will be in there.
Pa Pa P25: 10 digit.
Pa Pa P25: Oh, yeah, that is pendulum.
Pa Pa P25: Okay?
Pa Pa P25: And what if they don't use the email address?
Pa Pa P25: Will it take it without it?
Moderator: Yeah, is that clear
Moderator: on that page or.
Pa Pa P25: This page is clear. I'm just saying that if they don't use an email address
Pa Pa P25: they don't use email would it still fly without it?
Moderator: Yeah, go ahead and try to keep proceeding with an empty field, and
Moderator: you can see what it does.
Pa Pa P25: No, just no, just the error.
Pa Pa P25: Give me.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah, this is all. Make of me
Pa Pa P25: alright.
Pa Pa P25: Same file.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: see?
Pa Pa P25: OM.
Pa Pa P25: I see.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, it's good.
Pa Pa P25: Okay? Okay?
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: well, correct. You.
Moderator: Now, can you explain what just happened? There.
Pa Pa P25: The alternative phone number. I didn't put a complete 7 10 digits in there.
Pa Pa P25: and it caught that and said it was an error.
Pa Pa P25: Got it.
Moderator: Thanks for explaining it for us.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, let's see if we go now.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, it went all right.
Pa Pa P25: Which center okay.
Pa Pa P25: Okay. City.
Pa Pa P25: No, I don't use it for that.
Pa Pa P25: That's gonna I assume. That's gonna tell me where
Pa Pa P25: the Va clinic is.
Moderator: Yeah, if you could really provide what's much feedback as you can, or
Moderator: talk through how the voice over is working for, you would be really helpful right now on this one.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, I'm at where the Va clinic, and I guess it's gonna tell me where the clinic is, because it's telling me it's to search the
Pa Pa P25: nearest facility. Okay.
Pa Pa P25: where's the waiting room? Hold on.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: I better put Georgia.
Pa Pa P25: No.
Pa Pa P25: I'm
Pa Pa P25: GA
Pa Pa P25: name. Space.
Pa Pa P25: No.
Pa Pa P25: How are you?
Pa Pa P25: 1, 9 0
Pa Pa P25: 4.
Pa Pa P25: Search and see if it comes up.
Pa Pa P25: Show me what?
Pa Pa P25: Okay? They gave me the 2 Va clinics in my city
Pa Pa P25: and wait a minute.
Pa Pa P25: Port Moore.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: okay. So it's giving me all the clinics that are served by Travis.
Pa Pa P25: Central Alabama.
Pa Pa P25: That's a good thing.
Pa Pa P25: Okay? Now, check quarter chef.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, that was
Pa Pa P25: so far payment.
Moderator: Yeah. How did you search for Va facilities?
Pa Pa P25: Say that again if you're talking.
Pa Pa P25: What was the question again.
Moderator: I was wondering how you searched for Va. Facilities. There
Moderator: couldn't see.
Pa Pa P25: It? Asked. It, it. There's a box there and ask for the city
Pa Pa P25: and postal Zip.
Pa Pa P25: so it would tell me the closest va clinic, and what it did. It listed all the ones on the chats
Pa Pa P25: which is Central Alabama.
Pa Pa P25: which I fall under.
Pa Pa P25: and then I selected the one that's pretty much around the corner from me.
Pa Pa P25: and then I hit. Continue
Pa Pa P25: that right. There was paint
Pa Pa P25: a whole lot simpler, trying to go look up the address. It's already there. All you gotta do is put your
Pa Pa P25: city state and zip.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Any other feedback on this part of the form, and how it worked for you, using.
Pa Pa P25: Anything else is that it?
Pa Pa P25: Let's see.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, it's telling me that this is the facility I've selected as a coordinator on staff.
Pa Pa P25: and then
Pa Pa P25: tells me, continue. Now, it's telling me about the coordinators in Montgomery right now. But
Pa Pa P25: right.
Pa Pa P25: I like the fact that you can call somebody if you were having trouble
Pa Pa P25: Awesome.
Pa Pa P25: who also qualifies as a family caregiver.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: what does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
Pa Pa P25: The main person that's taking care of a person.
Pa Pa P25: you know, like
Pa Pa P25: spouse
Pa Pa P25: Trial
Pa Pa P25: parent.
Pa Pa P25: that those would be the main ones unless you got someone else that comes in. If they're single later they don't have any siblings, then it'd be a parent or close relative or friend they appoint as their as their caregiver.
Pa Pa P25: Hopefully they are choosing wise.
Moderator: And if you were completing this application for real, would the primary caregiver be with you to fill this out?
Moderator: Yeah.
Pa Pa P25: Matter of fact.
Pa Pa P25: she would be filling it out, and it wouldn't be in voiceover.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you for explaining that detail. I see. Just kind of hand it over to her to.
Pa Pa P25: I was just like here. You need to fill it out, you know. But you know.
Pa Pa P25: if I was sitting here and and doing it.
Pa Pa P25: Not being able to see this, I could follow this along quite well.
Moderator: Okay? Great. Yeah. Let's go ahead and go through a scenario as if we were adding a primary caregiver on this application.
Moderator: And just kind of keep providing feedback like you've been doing.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, there's account.
Pa Pa P25: right?
Pa Pa P25: Only the one primary.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: yes.
Pa Pa P25: and that's it.
Pa Pa P25: Yes, no.
Pa Pa P25: 1st name.
Pa Pa P25: last name.
Pa Pa P25: Awesome.
Pa Pa P25: Same last name.
Pa Pa P25: I'll suffer
Pa Pa P25: date of birth
Pa Pa P25: and same thing with this date of birth thing.
Pa Pa P25: Alright.
Pa Pa P25: A block.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: I didn't tell what the relationship was.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: okay.
Pa Pa P25: what is it
Pa Pa P25: okay? Adding, that person is
Pa Pa P25: fairly comfortable.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Moderator: Any other feedback out of that section.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah, I got a question, though. Do they ask anybody to provide
Pa Pa P25: proof that they're related to that person?
Pa Pa P25: If they say that their sister, their wife.
Pa Pa P25: brother, or sister.
Moderator: Yeah, do you expect that to happen as part of this application, or later on.
Pa Pa P25: I would
Pa Pa P25: to help. They say they're married because they could just be living with each other and say, they're, you know, States don't recognize a couple of marriages anymore.
Pa Pa P25: Got it. I was just wondering.
Moderator: No, that's really good feedback. Thank you.
Pa Pa P25: Did you?
Pa Pa P25: They want the social security number one from you.
Moderator: Enter in any fake one as long as it's not sequential in order.
Moderator: and I can prompt you with a fake one if you need.
Pa Pa P25: I think if they're gonna be on, they need to have their social security number.
Moderator: What are your expectations around that filling this form out for real?
Moderator: If you were.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: let's have that number.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: 3, 2, 2,
Moderator: 4, 5,
Moderator: 6, 7,
Moderator: 8, 9.
Pa Pa P25: Any.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, that explains why they need in case they don't want to give it up. It says there! Why, they need that and everything. But if they're gonna get paid they should provide this information.
Pa Pa P25: Alright.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: Oh, God!
Pa Pa P25: Your same address as veteran.
Pa Pa P25: Okay? And the information asked for the primary care is address. I just made it as it's the same as the veteran.
Pa Pa P25: You too
Pa Pa P25: perfect.
Pa Pa P25: Hello!
Pa Pa P25: 6, 5.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: make a number
Pa Pa P25: chat you with
Pa Pa P25: secondary.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm curious. What does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
Pa Pa P25: I guess you would talk. I would consider, maybe in my case, one of my kids
Pa Pa P25: or my sister if it wasn't my wife.
Pa Pa P25: My mother's a little bit too old long in the tooth to be doing. Take care of me.
Pa Pa P25: So one of my kids, or
Pa Pa P25: yeah, that's about it.
Pa Pa P25: you know, Grandkid.
Pa Pa P25: if they were doing it on a close relative or friend.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, okay.
Moderator: Do you think?
Pa Pa P25: You're gonna do one of them working at a time. Correct.
Moderator: Yeah, I guess I was wondering, how does you think the secondary role differs
Moderator: in the primary from the primary caregiver as far as process and the benefits that they get.
Pa Pa P25: Well.
Pa Pa P25: anybody has had a family member that's had
Pa Pa P25: it's autistic or
Pa Pa P25: has dementia or anything they need a break. And caregiver is gonna need breaks to get away from the veteran. They, you know, you're under them. 24, 0, 7.
Pa Pa P25: And there's gonna be a burnout factor right there for that.
Pa Pa P25: So they need
Pa Pa P25: vacation time.
Pa Pa P25: so somebody else can come in and
Pa Pa P25: watch them or assist them.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for that feedback, and we won't actually go through adding a secondary one today. So you can answer no on this question. But
Moderator: I am curious. If you're completing this online form for real, would the secondary caregiver be with you as you filled this out like you reported, the primary would.
Pa Pa P25: I would I would want them to be somewhere where they can have their input to it.
Moderator: So would you prefer to sit down and complete this form together if you were doing it for real.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah, that way. I know they they want to do it. I don't want to put someone in there. That's
Pa Pa P25: you know, my, my siblings are.
Pa Pa P25: They're in other states.
Pa Pa P25: and so are my kids.
Pa Pa P25: So
Pa Pa P25: a close friend, somebody, I would rather have them there, so they know what they're getting into before I put the name on this.
Moderator: Great feedback. Thank you for explaining that.
Moderator: Yeah, you can not add a secondary caregiver and select no, and then kind of on the next page continue on just providing feedback, and
Moderator: what it means to you on that page.
Pa Pa P25: Application. Speak.
Pa Pa P25: I will. I will be signing for myself.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Moderator: Do you have someone who is a legal representative for you?
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: my wife would if I was incapacitated. But there's no legal document saying that
Pa Pa P25: I guess I would have to get a power of attorney.
Pa Pa P25: Got it.
Moderator: That's great feedback. So I guess in your own words, what would you expect to happen next? At this point in the application.
Pa Pa P25: Oh, it's lost my phone.
Pa Pa P25: thanks to my wife.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah.
Pa Pa P25: my thing was signatures on an ipad. How would that work.
Moderator: Yeah, what page are you on now? Within the application.
Pa Pa P25: Excuse me.
Moderator: What page are you on in the application.
Pa Pa P25: The signature, page.
Moderator: Okay? Great, yeah. If you could just look this page over and tell me any impressions, thoughts, expectations, that you have.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: okay.
Pa Pa P25: I like the fact that you want them to upload and prove they have. They authorize
Pa Pa P25: to sign. They have to prove, provide that document. I like that
Pa Pa P25: signing for myself.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah.
Pa Pa P25: everybody feels fine
Pa Pa P25: putting my full name in signature.
Pa Pa P25: Oh.
Pa Pa P25: I forgot what my name was on. There.
Moderator: What's your comfort level with filling out and signing this information
Moderator: without all the people present on this form.
Pa Pa P25: I don't have to do it. Okay.
Pa Pa P25: because I just I forgot where to put as kill P25. Okay.
Pa Pa P25: it it wants my name, but it verified that
Pa Pa P25: cause I was putting my name in there. So this got a match, you know. So that's funny.
Pa Pa P25: It caught me on that one.
Pa Pa P25: Everybody has to sign appropriate section after they review it.
Moderator: Yeah, what are your thoughts and expectations around that.
Pa Pa P25: Well, they need to. This is a federal form. And I'm assuming there's penalties that go along with falsification.
Pa Pa P25: the body that is falsifying one.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, what's this statement of truth?
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Moderator: Wanna pause you before you get to the end. Don't submit the application. It won't work in their testing site. But
Moderator: let me know. When
Moderator: do you have any other thoughts? And when you get there.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah, if
Pa Pa P25: I don't have a problem, you know, except for
Pa Pa P25: pretty much. The only problem I think,
Pa Pa P25: is to wind you the date of birth.
Pa Pa P25: if they were all the same like the date. No column form you just swipe till you find the one you want.
Pa Pa P25: instead of having to go down and
Pa Pa P25: find the numbers below it.
Pa Pa P25: and if everything popped up at like a wheel, you just click to it just like you would do the birth in the year.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah, I'm trying to remember. Where did I see? There's something I was doing that
Pa Pa P25: when it popped up. The year had the current year, and then you had to swipe down to the year that you were born versus have to find the keypad to type in.
Pa Pa P25: But either one of them works. So I'm thinking where it's at.
Pa Pa P25: No, I
Pa Pa P25: I noticed it wasn't up there on the wheel when, after I did the date, and then went down and found the keyboard.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for explaining that.
Moderator: What would you expect to happen after submitting
Moderator: this form, this application? What would you expect to see if you hit? Submit.
Pa Pa P25: That I had some kind of confirmation that the form was submitted. That's where it would show up in the email
Pa Pa P25: that your form was submitted and was received on date this date.
Pa Pa P25: and them let me know. It's being processed.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for talking through that. Well, we're all done using the form today. I would just have a couple more kind of final questions as we wrap up.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Moderator: Okay, so what research would you do before applying and completing
Moderator: of application for a program like this?
Pa Pa P25: Whether whether I was eligible or not. Did I meet the qualifications?
Pa Pa P25: Got it just because it's there doesn't mean I meet the qualifications
Pa Pa P25: I know a few people in that.
Pa Pa P25: No, don't meet qualification, but they want to apply.
Moderator: Got it. So you'd really want to know all of that before starting.
Pa Pa P25: Right, but at the same time I would hope that the program itself was
Pa Pa P25: equitable across the board. In the past
Pa Pa P25: caregiver program wasn't equitable to the blind.
Pa Pa P25: The standards that they were using were standards for sighted people and not for blind people.
Pa Pa P25: They didn't make any distinctions.
Pa Pa P25: Now, for example.
Pa Pa P25: a question that was asked of one of my members was, can he put food in his mouth.
Pa Pa P25: or can he?
Pa Pa P25: in case of fire? Can he find his way out
Pa Pa P25: and things like that? And that's not a question that you would be asking a blind person.
Pa Pa P25: because everybody can find their mouth, you know.
Pa Pa P25: unless you can't move your hands or anything
Pa Pa P25: you know the at night, you know there's a fire, you know. Can you determine which way the fire is which way you can escape out.
Pa Pa P25: That's what you should be looking at.
Moderator: Providing that feedback.
Moderator: So I guess, would you complete the form with accredited representative or someone else helping you from the Va.
Moderator: yeah.
Pa Pa P25: If I had to.
Pa Pa P25: Yeah.
Moderator: And I guess, why would you prefer to go that route.
Pa Pa P25: in case you don't want to make no errors.
Pa Pa P25: Well, you don't. You don't wanna mess up.
Pa Pa P25: or you wanna make sure that
Pa Pa P25: you are eligible for that.
Pa Pa P25: I know quite a few people that that are eligible for it that should apply for it.
Pa Pa P25: One of the qualifications is being what percentage you are under your disability.
Pa Pa P25: You know they may be under
Pa Pa P25: the numbers that they need, but they do need a caregiver.
Moderator: That's really great feedback. Thanks for sharing that.
Moderator: What are your thoughts on the amount of information provided in this form? Do you think it's too much, just enough, or too little.
Pa Pa P25: I think it was.
Pa Pa P25: right there you were, right on point with it.
Moderator: Is there any additional information about who qualifies as a primary or secondary caregiver that you would have liked to see.
Pa Pa P25: You know I didn't look.
Pa Pa P25: I didn't look at. I didn't look at that part and everything.
Pa Pa P25: Guess I should have looked at that one.
Moderator: Yeah, it seemed like, maybe there was missing information
Moderator: within the form.
Moderator: or just maybe don't remember.
Pa Pa P25: I I never clicked on it to see who qualifies as a caregiver
Pa Pa P25: got it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: did you have any other feedback for us of what we went over today, or any questions for me?
Pa Pa P25: When was it formed?
Pa Pa P25: Be active.
Moderator: This program you can call it is live.
Pa Pa P25: Know the programs active. But when will this form be effective?
Moderator: This form's out there today, too.
Pa Pa P25: Okay, just like just as it is.
Pa Pa P25: Yep.
Moderator: Hope you broke up there a little bit. Got staticky. But yeah, it is
Moderator: live. And out there today, online on va.gov.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Pa Pa P25: My mind to go ahead and find my caregiver.
Pa Pa P25: you know. Make my wife happy.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: okay, so I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Now that we've gone over everything, are you comfortable? If we decide to use a audio clip of the session with any Va partners.
Moderator: We'll remove any identifying information. But.
Pa Pa P25: Yes, I am.
Moderator: Okay, well, that is all we have today. Thank you very much for taking the time to share your thoughts with us today and get through the hurdles of getting the right zoom account set up so you could share. Kind of talked us through what I mean.
Moderator: and your feedback's really helpful as we continue to work and iterate on the site, and for veterans and caregivers.
Pa Pa P25: Alright! Thank you for your work.
Moderator: Yeah and purr. Jane will be sending you a thank you. Note with a little blurb, that you can pass along to other veterans if you know that they might want to participate in future research studies.
Pa Pa P25: Okay.
Moderator: All right. Well, that's all we have. So thank you very much, and enjoy the rest of your day.
Pa Pa P25: You, too. Bye-bye, bye.